Add Architecture Decision Records to docs (#338)
nautobot/nautobot-plugin-golden-config: docs/dev/dev_adr.md

# Architecture Decision Records

The intention is to document deviations from a standard Model View Controller (MVC) design.

## Pivoting Compliance View

The view that was preferred for compliance would be devices on y-axis but the features on the x-axis. However, the x-axis (features) cannot be known when building the Django model. The model ends up looking like:

| Device   | feature | Compliance |
| -------- | ------- | ---------- |
| nyc-rt01 | aaa     | True       |
| nyc-rt01 | ntp     | False      |
| nyc-rt01 | dns     | False      |
| nyc-rt02 | aaa     | True       |
| nyc-rt02 | dns     | False      |

The expected view required expected is something like:

| Device   | aaa   | dns   | ntp   |
| -------- | ----- | ----- | ----- |
| nyc-rt01 | True  | False | False |
| nyc-rt02 | True  |       | False |

> In order to accommodate this, `django-pivot` is used, which greatly simplifies building the query. However, `django-pivot` requires the ability to "count" vs a boolean. Because of that, there is a "shadow" field created that sets to 0 if False, and 1 if True. This is enforced on the `save` method of the `ConfigCompliance` model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to accommodate this, `django-pivot` is used, which greatly simplifies building the query. However, `django-pivot` requires the ability to "count" versus a boolean. Because of that, there is a "shadow" field created that is set to 0 if False, and 1 if True. This is enforced on the `save` method of the `ConfigCompliance` model.
```

## Compliance View

Important to understand `Pivoting Compliance View` first. There is additional context for how to handle bulk deletes. The logic is to find all of the `ConfigCompliance` data, given a set of `Device` objects. 

Additionally, this makes use of the `alter_queryset` method, as at start time of the application all features are not necessarily set and needs to be a runtime query that sets the x and y axis correctly.

The absence of data, meaning, a device that is does not have a feature, is the equivalent of a None.

## Dynamic Application Features

There are features within the application that can be turned on/off for backup, compliance, and intended. When they are toggled, this will update what is shown in:

* Navigation
* Jobs
* Data Sources
* Tables
* Template Contents

This is generally handled with a pattern similar to:

```python
jobs = []
if ENABLE_BACKUP:
    jobs.append(BackupJob)
if ENABLE_INTENDED:
    jobs.append(IntendedJob)
if ENABLE_COMPLIANCE:
    jobs.append(ComplianceJob)
jobs.extend([AllGoldenConfig, AllDevicesGoldenConfig])
```

## Home View

> The Home view is generally based on the model `GoldenConfig`, however, in reality the view that shows up is based on the core `Device` model. This is because, when a device is included in the Dynamic Group, this does not mean that there is an entry in `GoldenConfig` yet. So there is nothing to see yet, such as the ability to click and run job on a device. It was confusing to users as to what was shown in the view vs what is in scope currently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Home view is generally based on the model `GoldenConfig`; however, in reality the view that shows up is based on the core `Device` model. This is because, when a device is included in the Dynamic Group, this does not mean that there is an entry in `GoldenConfig` yet. So there is nothing to see yet, such as the ability to click and run job on a device. It was confusing to users as to what was shown in the view vs what is in scope currently.
```
